Examples of use
###############

TODO: Make description of the following: photo gallery, cloud drive with sync and history, cloud audio player, embedded in server backend

Let's take a look at exaples of few applications
that can be built on top of ghe Cinode infrastrucure.

Photo gallery
-------------

The structure of photo albums can very easily
be represented in a directory structure of application's
local data folder. Albums are represented by folder's
directory structure, pictures in the album being
simple filed. In addition to this information,
each photo may have it's metadata folder containing
thumbnails, ratings and comments.

Sharing given album with a friend is as simple
as sharing one particular folder.


Cloud storage drive
-------------------

The local filzystem can naturally be reprezented
in a structure of Cinode filesystem. The simplest
approach then is to create a virtual drive representing
such filesystem and acceess files directly.

A more advanced approach would require to
store metadata information next to each
file and directory. This information (last
modification time, checksum, vesrion number etc)
can be then used to synchronize local folders
with hose stored inside the Cinode network.


Cloud audio player
------------------

The Cinode system may be used to store user's
music collection inside the cloud. The filesystek
layout may serve to organize files into albums.
The player may be a simple flash-based plauer
bound to the application. Cinode node code
may also be embedded into a dedicated mobile
application allowing to listen to the music
on this device without a dedicated streaming
server.

The Cinode infrastructure can also be used by
music stores where the pro ess of buying will
ene in a music folder shared with the buyer.
A positive side effect of such approach is
that once given client has bought a music
bundle, it can start helping to distribute
the music to other buyers thus reducing the
handwidth cost. The file is never transferred
in an unencrypted form. The buy license may
require an agreement not to share the music
further.
